[Docs]: improve README for motsu-proc (#25)
OpenZeppelin/stylus-test-helpers: crates/motsu-proc/README.md

# Motsu's Procedural Macros

> This crate contains the `#[motsu::test]` attribute definition used in [`motsu`]. This macro is designed to simplify testing for projects built on Arbitrum Stylus.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This crate contains the `#[motsu::test]` attribute definition used in [`motsu`]. This macro is designed to simplify testing for smart contracts built with the (Stylus SDK)[https://docs.rs/stylus-sdk/latest/stylus_sdk/]. 
```

> 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
```

# Motsu's Procedural Macros

> This crate contains procedural macros used in [`motsu`]. These macros are designed to simplify testing and error handling for projects built on the `Stylus`.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
This crate contains the `#[motsu::test]` attribute definition used in [`motsu`]. This macro is designed to simplify testing for projects built on Arbitrum Stylus.
```
1. `#[motsu::test]` is the only publicly visible macro atm. The `error!` macro is only used internally, so it should not be part of README.
2. Update all future instances of "the \`Stylus\`" into just "Stylus".

[motsu]: ../motsu/README.md

> ## Included Macros

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
## Usage
```

> ### `#[motsu::test]`
> The `#[motsu::test]` macro is an enhanced version of Rust's built-in `#[test]` attribute. It is specifically designed for testing within the `Stylus` execution environment.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The `#[motsu::test]` macro is an enhanced version of Rust's built-in `#[test]` attribute. It is specifically designed for testing within the `Stylus` execution environment.
```
No need for a subheader. Don't forget to update the number of `#` for all future subheaders.

> The `#[motsu::test]` macro is an enhanced version of Rust's built-in `#[test]` attribute. It is specifically designed for testing within the `Stylus` execution environment.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The `#[motsu::test]` attribute is an enhanced version of Rust's built-in `#[test]` attribute. It is specifically designed for testing within the Stylus execution environment, allowing you to interact with contract storage and environment variables like `msg::sender`.
```
Wording the explanation like this makes the `Purpose` section unnecessary, you can remove it.

#### Purpose
This macro enables:
- Access to the **Stylus execution context**, allowing you to interact with contract storage and environment variables like `msg::sender`.
- Enhanced testing capabilities for smart contracts developed on the `Stylus`.
- fallback to standard `#[test]` functionality when no arguments are provided.

#### How It Works
1. If the test function accepts parameters (e.g. `contract`) it provides access to stylus-specific features.

> 2. If no parameters are passed, it behaves as a standard Rust `#[test]` attribute.

Reviewer 2: This will not be the case after PR https://github.com/OpenZeppelin/stylus-test-helpers/pull/14 is merged.
I'd even say we don't need this section at all.

> #### Example Usage
> 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
```
not needed

> ```rust

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
```rust,ignore
```
make the compiler ignore this in any case

#[cfg(test)]

> mod tests {

Reviewer 2: This example will have to be updated after PR https://github.com/OpenZeppelin/stylus-test-helpers/pull/14 is merged.

It will have to include:
- example where a contract and/or EOA are instantiated inside the test function.
- example where a contract is injected into the function signature.
- example where at least two contracts are injected into the function signature.
- example that includes setting the sender of a transaction (can be part of any of the previous examples).
- example of a regular non-contract-related test (`simple_test` is good enough). 

None of these examples need to contain full test code, just the function signature, and the relevant lines for the examples will be enough, with a `// ...` after them.

Author: Removed this section for now

Reviewer 2: Let's keep the comment "unresolved" for future visibility

Reviewer 2: Also, while we're waiting on the [other PR](https://github.com/OpenZeppelin/stylus-test-helpers/pull/14) to be merged, feel free to pick another issue to work on, either in this repo, or the related [rust-contracts-stylus](https://github.com/OpenZeppelin/rust-contracts-stylus/issues)

Reviewer 2: We talked it over internally, and we can merge the PR without adding on examples for now.

>     use super::*;

Reviewer 2: This should be an import of the actual contracts used in the test. 
The examples here should ideally compile, even if they're partial.

    /// Test interacting with contract storage.
    #[motsu::test]
    fn reads_balance(contract: Erc20) {
        // Check initial balance
        let balance = contract.balance_of(Address::ZERO);
        assert_eq!(U256::ZERO, balance);

        // Update balance and verify
        let owner = msg::sender();
        let one = U256::from(1);
        contract._balances.setter(owner).set(one);

        let balance = contract.balance_of(owner);
        assert_eq!(one, balance);
    }

    /// Simple test without parameters.
    #[motsu::test]
    fn simple_test() {
        let value = 42;
        assert_eq!(value, 42);
    }
}
```

---

> ### Error Handling: `error!` Macro

Reviewer 2: You can remove this whole macro section.

In addition to `#[motsu::test]`, this crate includes the `error!` macro, which simplifies error handling during macro execution.

#### Purpose
- Provides a way to create descriptive error messages during compile-time.
- Uses the `syn` library to generate errors tied to specific parts of the code.

#### Example Usage

```rust
macro_rules! error {
    ($tokens:expr, $($msg:expr),+ $(,)?) => {{
        let error = syn::Error::new(syn::spanned::Spanned::span(&$tokens), format!($($msg),+));
        return error.to_compile_error().into();
    }};
}
```

#### How It Works
The `error!` macro comes in two forms:
1. **Return a compile-time error:**
   ```rust
   error!(tokens, "An error occurred: {}", some_detail);
   ```
   This generates a compile-time error at the location of `tokens`, with the provided message.

2. **Return an `Err` variant:**
   ```rust
   error!(@ tokens, "Another error occurred.");
   ```
   This form directly returns an `Err` result, allowing for early exits in procedural macro logic.

#### Use Case
The `error!` macro is typically used inside other procedural macros to ensure clear and actionable error messages during macro expansion.

> ---

Reviewer 2: 1. No need for these `---` delimiters.
2. Put the `Security` section here:
```md
## Security

Refer to our [Security Policy](../../SECURITY.md) for more details.
```
